Update oracle-migration.md (#83)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-compute-docs: articles/virtual-machines/workloads/oracle/oracle-migration.md

Azure enhances the Oracle tools with the right network connectivity, bandwidth, and commands that are powered by the following Azure capabilities for data migration.

- [VPN Connectivity](/azure/vpn-gateway/)

> - [Express Route -ER](/azure/expressroute/expressroute-introduction). Reliability of the ER is the key,refer resiliency guidence for ER [Gateway](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Proactive-Resiliency-Library-v2/azure-resources/Network/expressRouteGateways/) & [circuits](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Proactive-Resiliency-Library-v2/azure-resources/Network/expressRouteCircuits/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Express Route](/azure/expressroute/expressroute-introduction). Reliability of the ExpressRoute is the key. Refer to resiliency guidance for [Gateway](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Proactive-Resiliency-Library-v2/azure-resources/Network/expressRouteGateways/) and [Circuits](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Proactive-Resiliency-Library-v2/azure-resources/Network/expressRouteCircuits/).
```
